[Music]
all right so this is the new
lenovo legion phone it's the dual 2 and
it's just on a whole nother level so
we've seen some really nice high
performance phones come out this year
already right the rg phone five is one
of them comes to mind
this is a gaming focused phone where
they
have an optional accessory a fan like a
cooling system that you can clip onto
the phone
to improve the thermal performance of
this device
but what would be even better than a
clip-on fan
than one that is built right into the
phone
so this has two fans an intake and
exhaust
but when you have a cooling system
that's built into the system that was
engineered as
part of the device itself it is way more
efficient than having something that's
a exterior accessory right because
you're able to make contact with the
thermal components directly when you
have a cooling system like this
so when you have a system that's
actively cooled like this you're able to
squeeze out the most
possible performance you can from the
chipset which is the snapdragon triple
eight
and this device is very focused on
performance it's configured with some
powerful components
but it's also equipped with this
side-mounted
pop-up front-facing camera i've never
seen anything like this and i got to be
honest it's kind of cool maybe have a
soft spot for
pop-up cameras in general but it makes
perfectly good sense
now to get a grasp of what's really
going on here we have to talk about the
aesthetics of this device
so this is a very unique looking phone
it's aesthetics are built
for gaming it's symmetrical right down
the middle so when you grip it
it has this controller-like experience i
mean that's what they're going for
it doesn't feel like a controller it's
not even close but it's significantly
more comfortable more ergonomic in your
hand than a regular
slab phone the curves and design lines
on this phone make it a little bit
easier to hold when you're holding it up
in landscape mode for playing games or
watching any kind of media and then
because this whole thing is about that
landscape life
they got to keep it symmetrical and they
don't want bezels or hole punches that'd
be too easy
you got to go for the front-facing side
mounted pop-up camera
it's the only way to go so this thing is
44 megapixels it can do 4k at 30 frames
per second
and it can do background removal for
live streams it's very powerful hardware
and when you're using the phone in
normal portrait mode and using it for
like a video call
it comes out at the side and at first i
thought it'd be weird right but it's
actually
a it's a nice location for a
front-facing camera for one
your eye like if you're looking at
someone on the screen your eye
is really close to the lens itself right
so it looks like you're looking
at the person you're talking to it's a
bit of a bonus feature but it's also
usable as a face cam
if you're streaming off of this phone
now they've mounted the hardware
in a manner so that it maintains the
proper aspect ratio like a regular phone
so even though it's coming out of the
side and it looks like it might be
kind of rotated because it's coming off
the side it's actually still a portrait
image when it's upright and then when
you're in
landscape mode the image is landscape
like a regular phone just in case you're
wondering
now the back cameras they're nothing
special they're decent even in low light
but you're probably not buying this
phone
for its photography capabilities now on
the back of this phone there's also
some rgb lighting the y logo lights up
as well as the two fans both the
exhaust and the intake fan and you can
change the color
and the kind of pattern of this light in
the software
now if you're wondering what happens if
you place this thing flat right because
doesn't that cover up the fan
and it does but i think this secondary
vent over here allows
air to go through and then out the
exhaust even if it's lying flat
on a table and there's also shoulder
buttons so there's four on the top two
on each side
as well as two rear mounted ones and
there's also some
built into the screen but i don't find
those as useful you can configure
those however which you'd like and
there's also
two haptic motors so there's one on like
each side of the device so if you're
playing games any kind of vibratory or
haptic feedback you can feel it in a
stereo manner is that even a word stereo
haptics but yeah there's
two haptics so you can feel it in a left
and right manner it's actually
fairly noticeable in driving games and
stuff you can feel it i don't know
if it's applicable to every game out
there right some games just wouldn't
make use of
dual haptics but you have it in here now
playing games on this device is awesome
it's snapdragon
8 running at full tilt because of the
cooling on the device surface
temperatures are lowered the frame rates
are very consistent
this is a fast phone the performance is
fantastic
and the screen is also really nice it's
6.92 inches 144 hertz
1080p and a touch sampling rate of 720
hertz
it's crazy responsive that means it's
looking for input pulling the screen 720
times
every second so it's one of the most
responsive screens you can get
on a phone right now in terms of
software there's a performance mode to
improve your gaming experience and
there's a slew of battery health focused
stuff so you can
reduce the charging capacity or bypass
the battery completely when you're
plugged up
playing games on it and the battery in
here is a big boy
5500 milliamp hours with two usbc ports
to charge it up
and if you're using this thing lightly
like you're not playing games you can
comfortably hit like eight
maybe even nine hours of screen on time
just because the battery is so big
but when it's time to juice it up this
thing can take up to
90 watts of juice so 45
on each side and it'll power up the two
batteries in here
ridiculously fast it took 14 minutes to
get to 50
and just over 31 minutes to fully power
up the battery from zero
to 100 like that's that's a fast charge
if i've seen one
now there are some things that aren't
perfect on this thing there's no
headphone jack which i don't like seeing
on a gaming phone and the water
resistance
at first i thought there would be none
right i mean there's a fan in the back
but supposedly this fan system is
water resistant which would be very
impressive if that's true
but the sim tray doesn't have any kind
of gasket or any kind of seals there so
if this thing goes in the water chances
are it won't be good
it's what i'm guessing okay but that is
the legion phone dual 2
from lenovo it's got to be one of the
craziest phones i've ever seen on this
channel
it's a big boy but it is stacked with
all the goods
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
and if you did one of the easiest things
going to support this channel
is give it a thumbs up okay thumbs if
you liked it subs if you loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]
you